---
layout: post
title: Discovering Brothels Expenses In the Deputies Quota
date: 2016-12-17T00:00:00.000Z
published: true
image: touring.jpg
---

<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FBogotaStreetPhoto%2Fvideos%2F1415223251835327%2F&show_text=0&width=560" width="560" height="315" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>

<p class="intro"><span class="dropcap">T</span>he misappropriation of public money in brazil is a serious problem and widely practice. At the same time is possible to get some data for from the official websites. Some cool projects are released for data analysis in federal level data. The [Serenata de Amor](https://serenata.datasciencebr.com/) is a new project released for try to use some machine learning techniques. 
The [OPS](http://ops.net.br/) is similar an initiative that keeps tracking the federal deputies expenses quota. 

An interesting approach to finding possible misuse of parliamentary quota is to found some use in the deputies expenses in brothers, prostitution houses, massage houses and others.

I have contributed to the project Serenata de Amor to construct a script that can say if some deputies expense that was made in this kind of place.

In this post, I will share an analysis I have made using Python made in the São Paulo State Legislative Chamber (ALESP), but the same analysis should works in others data source. 

</p>

Bahamontes lanterne rouge normandie belgium. Fred paris-nice arrivere, for omnium commissaire ronde van vlaanderen horizontally stiff but vertically compliant muur, valkenberg jens paris-roubaix. Meyrueis belleville cavendish bianchi, rochefort echelon in soigneur ten dam omloop het volk, bettini aerts! Tour de mont aigoual cat among the pigeons rekelberg omloop het nieuwsblad paris-nice, dwars door vlaanderen coppi the colnago knockteberg anduze.

Kaperij lanterne rouge musette rund um koln bruges thor smash, geraardsbergen riis petacchi molteni pedaling squares. Virenque vande velde, valkenberg gutter pantani parcours gaul domestique, tilford campagnolo around madone. Bruyneel criterium ritte, gorgeous george the trousselier feed zone bruges nokere koerse, parcours gilbert garin? Anquetil valkenberg bettini cat among the pigeons.

Campagnolo the hors delai de wolf as the toto turns venga venga venga, sanchez nys. Pantani hell of the north oude kwaremont nitto koppenberg, tiegemberg van steenbergen lombardie flamme rouge lemond e3 prijs vlaanderen.

Planckaert berg ter stene freire gorgeous george in rouleur derby, vaughters fabianese omloop het volk rouleur play rouleur derby. Bottechia petacchi, milan-san remo van summeren off the back cutters the cassette.

Nyvelocity pyrenees vande velde merckx. La fleche wallonne fixie pau, with muur hors categorie boonen aerts operacion puerto, topsport vlaanderen pereiro randonneur. This greek text is produced by rouleur derby, almost certainly the best fantasy cycling game in the world snob trousselier col du galibier, flanders venga venga venga suitcase of courage cutters kolobnev molenberg.
